Hello and welcome.
To end our section on you.
I just want to show you a couple class diagrams seeing you to feel what they look like in our previous
lecture we talked all about the different symbols and notation you use for class diagrams.
Now we can actually see an entire class diagram with many different objects and relationships.
So here's an example of a design pattern that we're gonna actually look at in a few lectures.
The Abstract Factory design pattern it's a creation of design pattern.
This looks pretty busy.
A lot's going on here but what you should notice is some of the symbols that we just talked about right.
You see the rectangles with the objects.
Some of the rectangles here are actually some of the rectangles just have names to distinguish the name
of the object.
Some of them actually have some methods.
So if you look at the bottom you see the Abstract Factory object has a create product and create product
B.
Other things you should notice is that the dash lines that represent the dependency uses a relationship.
You notice the triangle represents a is a relationship a hierarchy.
So in this example ask the abstract.
Product day and after to be our base classes of product they want a product a too for abstract product
day and product B one and product B two for abstract product B and you see some arrows showing other
relationships these are most likely interfaces.
So the client's an interface to an abstract product and so forth.
But again you should get from this diagram is there's a lot of information that can be conveyed in a
very short amount of time.
We just have some rectangles but you can get a quick glimpse of how an Abstract Factory design pattern
works by just having these objects identified with their relationships and also some methods and this
will become clearer and clearer as we go through and we show a lot of these diagrams these diagrams
will be explained in detail I'm not just going to show a diagram and say good luck.
There will be examples all sorts of information besides this diagram diagram is going to only be one
part.
So here's an Abstract Factory that's a creation of design pattern here's an adapter design pattern.
This is where two patterns are I'm sorry.
Two objects that are incompatible can now talk to one another.
And again what you'll see here is some rectangles some objects with names some relationships showing
interface relationships essentially and also in this example inheritance relationship.
You should notice there's a note on the left hand side right.
Because it has that little folded corner and that's just telling you that the adapter calls the specific
request method.
Right.
So this Guinea is conveying a lot of information about the adapter design pattern mainly that there's
a target there's an adapter that does most of the work within compatibility and then there's an adapter.
And what ends up happening here is the adapting and the target can communicate with one another through
the adapter and the client will use the target and so forth.
But again we'll go through that and a lot of detail Singleton design patterns one of the most popular
ones.
This allows you to create a single instance of an object.
This one is a bit more simple right.
We just see one object and in this case we see some member variables in that second rectangle component
and then at the very bottom we see some methods but this is a basic pattern that doesn't have a lot
of objects but it doesn't mean that it's not doing a lot or it's not somewhat more complicated.
Again there's no on the left hand side returning an instance.
This this pattern will have a static instance and then a method will return that static instance.
So you don't end up creating more than one object decorative design pattern.
See a lot going on here.
This diagram actually shows some cardinality one to many many to one relationships and so forth.
That's one of the new things but again a lot of the same here.
Triangles for inheritance rectangles for object names.
Most of these are just showing methods with no member variables.
A couple notes on the right hand side component operation and so forth.
But again the cardinality is displayed in the decorator the decorated design pattern can be used as
an alternative to subclasses.
Strategy design pattern again this is kind of a must have design pattern.
This is really really important.
Out of all the pattern this is one of the ones that you really want to sort of memorize but again uses
a lot of abstraction.
Here we see a uses a relationship with the client.
There's a context a strategy object.
There is some inheritance involved here with concrete steady A B and C this pattern uses polymorphism
to determinant runtime.
What strategy to use.
The other thing that you see here is the diamond right.
So the diamond remember represents.
In this case aggregation because it's an open Diamond remember the closed field Diamond represents composition.
So there's a has a relationship with the strategy in the context.
Again quick overview of just some work some class diagrams look like and they can display a lot of information
without a ton of text.
So it's really really useful to understand the basics of class diagrams because it can help learn a
ton about a design pattern.
Thank you.